Well, since you really want to die
Then I will fulfill it.
Thank you for nominating me as a teacher
As the president of this chamber of commerce
Chairperson Shi is young and rich
One person in charge of the teaching enterprise
Invest with him
make sure you don't lose
That's right, if such a good opportunity is missed
Isn't that brain just caught in the door?
Oh, one more thing.
It's our company's stock
I'm sure you have some friends
It should have been started.
The stock rallied violently
I don't think it will be long
You can go to NASDAQ to ring the bell
This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity
That's right, I have transferred our company's liquidity
All bought
Do you think you are the only one who is smart?
I bought it a week ago
You have such a good thing not to tell me
No, I have to buy some, too.
Hey, it's still too late to invest now.
From the very beginning, the computer was broken
What are you doing?
Don't they like to call?
Make it directly for their stock visit snacks to eat
But you have to work so many stocks at once.
It is not easy to develop
Shopping malls are like battlefields
What is serious?
It's money. You feel like you're short of money now.